Semantic changes (#12897)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/json/stringify/index.md

  - : The value to convert to a JSON string.
- `replacer` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A function that alters the behavior of the stringification process, or an array of

>     strings or numbers naming properties of `value` that should be included in the output. If this value is {{JSxRef("null")}} or not provided,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    strings or numbers naming properties of `value` that should be included in the output. If `replacer` is {{JSxRef("null")}} or not provided,
```

  - : The value to convert to a JSON string.
- `replacer` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A function that alters the behavior of the stringification process, or an array of

>     {{JSxRef("String")}}s or {{JSxRef("Number")}}s that will be filtered from the object
>     and included in the JSON string. If this value is {{JSxRef("null")}} or not provided,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    strings or numbers naming properties of `value` that should be included in the output. If this value is {{JSxRef("null")}} or not provided,
```

maybe?
